Add a bit more detail to our README (#39)
terrapkg/packages: README.md

# Terra Sources

Terra is a rolling-release Fedora repository for all the software you need.
With Terra, you can install the latest packages knowing that quality and security are assured.

> Contributions are always welcome, but please read our [documentation](https://github.com/terrapkg/packages/wiki) first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Contributions](../wiiki/Contribute) are always welcome, but please read our [documentation](../wiki) first.
```

> [Contributions](https://github.com/terrapkg/packages/wiiki/Contribute) are always welcome, but please read our [documentation](https://github.com/terrapkg/packages/wiki) first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Contributions](https://github.com/terrapkg/packages/wiki/Contribute) are always welcome, but please read our [documentation](https://github.com/terrapkg/packages/wiki) first.
```
My fault lmao

Author: haha

> This monorepo contains the package manifests for the Terra repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This monorepo contains the package manifests for all packages in Terra.
```

## Installation
```bash
sudo dnf config-manager --add-repo https://github.com/terrapkg/subatomic-repos/raw/main/terra.repo
```

## Documentation

> Our documentation is located on our [GitHub Wiki](https://github.com/terrapkg/packages/wiki).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our documentation can be found on our [GitHub Wiki](https://github.com/terrapkg/packages/wiki).
```

## Questions?

> Feel free to reach out on [Discord](https://discord.gg/5fdPuxTg5Q), we're always happy to help!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feel free to reach out on [Discord](https://discord.gg/5fdPuxTg5Q). We're always happy to help!
```
